The best way to predict the future is to create it.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life.
The only way to do great work is to love what you do.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success.
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it.
Dream big and dare to fail.
Don't wait for opportunity. Create it.
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.
Success is not in what you have, but who you are.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle.
Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world.
Your limitation—it's only your imagination.
Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you.
Great things never come from comfort zones.
Dream it. Wish it. Do it.
Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it.
The harder you work, the luckier you get.
Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done.
Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction.
Do something today that your future self will thank you for.
Little things make big days.
It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible.
Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it.
Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths.
The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles.
Dream it. Believe it. Build it.
Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits.
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary.
Don’t wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
It always seems impossible until it’s done.
If you want something you've never had, you must be willing to do something you've never done.
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now.
Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change.
Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.
It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up.
If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do.
Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.
Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.
Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others.
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
